THE LITTLE PRINCE



Antoine De Saint-Exupery




Antoine de Saint-Exupery, who was a French author, journalist and pilot wroteThe Little Prince in 1943, one year before his death.

The Little Prince appears to be a simple children’s tale,some would say that it is actually a profound and deeply moving tale,written in riddles and laced with philosophy and poetic metaphor.




Once when I was six years old I saw a magnificent picture in a book, called True Stories fromNature, about the primeval forest. It was a picture of a boa constrictor in the act of swallowing ananimal. Here is a copy of the drawing.

In the book it said: “Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing it. After that theyare not able to move, and they sleep through the six months that they need for digestion.” Ipondered deeply, then, over the adventures of the jungle. And after some work with a colouredpencil I succeeded in making my first drawing. My Drawing Number One. It looked like this:




I showed my masterpiece to the grown-ups, and asked them whether the drawing frightened them.But they answered: “Frighten? Why should any one be frightened by a hat?” My drawing was nota picture of a hat. It was a picture of a boa constrictor digesting an elephant. But since the grown-ups were not able to understand it, I made another drawing: I drew the inside of the boaconstrictor, so that the grown-ups could see it clearly. They always need to have things explained.



My Drawing Number Two looked like this:




The grown-ups’ response, this time, was to advise me to lay aside my drawings of boaconstrictors, whether from the inside or the outside, and devote myself instead to geography,history, arithmetic and grammar. That is why, at the age of six, I gave up what might have been amagnificent career as a painter. I had been disheartened by the failure of my Drawing NumberOne and my Drawing Number Two. Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it istiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.
